Additional note for the bootstrap file permissions for TFE installation (#1686)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/install/automating-the-installer.html.md

This document expects that the user is already familiar with how to do a [manual install](./installer.html#installation).

> -> **Note**: The `/etc/replicated.conf`, the license file, and TLS certificate files need to allow read access from other groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: The `/etc/replicated.conf`, license file, and TLS certificates need to allow read access from other groups.
```
